e
[Music]
If I know then what I know
Now said what I said I took the long ro i
' be better on my own sometimes right
wrong
I was to Young
I didn't understand that
you no
One I
[Music]
[Applause]
can't I can't wait I can't wait I can't
wait
can't Wa
can't
[Music]
can't and your heart bleed in and All
You can see is red until you  Discover It
is with each other to forg and make [
Applause]
know Now would say what I
said took the world but be better on my
own sometimes wrong
[Music]
in was too young And I didn't understand that
You Can't See you again
[Music] I ca
n't wait
can't I
[Music]
can't was too young And I didn't
understand that
[Music]
you I can't see you again
I
can't
can't ca
n't
can't
can't can't
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh I don't
want
to how are
we family here
we are Good night how are
you how are you family How are you doing
seeing how are you hearing it sounds
call me crazy but I think Juan will be
founded soon well let's start with
a song by joo Juan let's start with
a song by yo Juan and it is that he was
on Nilo heda's podcast today What's it
called Club
113 I don't know if this podcast is live
as such I don't know if the podcast is live
as such or it's recorded
and it's recorded and they broadcast it not like in the
premiere joli how are you okay
Yoli stand there until you fall asleep
I'm going to be here for an hour or two
hours a couple of hours or whatever I'm
going to comment on the gossip and then I'm
going to remind you that now I'm
trying to keep a
schedule I'm trying to keep a
schedule okay weird
weird some there are that well man well
things in life or it started very
early okay but for me it's quite
strange for me the strange thing is not that your entire
circle is people I know or people  of the
internet world but that you leave
aside your circle for a reason that may be
a little trivial For going with those
gang you understand me That's the strange thing now
you can for example You lived in
Almería you don't have to like me because of
my circumstances and because of my context well I
still get along with everyone Because we all
live there because we've all seen each other for
20 [ __ ] years Well in the end
this this the beginning what's
saying forgive me I continue with the to
regulinchi with the to eh I'm taking
a J let's see if tomorrow I wake up better what you
're saying Let's see you in the
end when you dedicate yourself to this with everything
that this entails no And everything
[Music]
that surra you have spent 2s years trying to
keep a
schedule we're going to achieve it gito we're going
to find the schedule Javi's schedule
that in the end you with all this with with
all the with all the sacrifice that
this thing entails well in the end You know you
lose contact with many people
from your previous life of your real life okay
[Music]
e That's how it is  and you start meeting more
people from this world than with the I mean I
have more contact with people from this
world than the real world surely
but even off camera eh I mean like
talking about the day to day and so on
Why Because it's in the environment where you
move this is like when you have another
job or whatever it is that it is like that it is like that it does not
have to
mean anything bad or anything good it is
like that and that's it you move away from many things
and everything changes It's not that María José but
look whoever wants to achieve something
has to sacrifice a lot right
then If all your colleagues get together in
the afternoon to go down for a while and have a drink
or whatever you can't then there
are many times that you go saying no
to things celebrations to which you go
saying no qu given to which you go
saying no and there comes a time when they do
n't call you anymore either Hey well you
show up when you feel like it okay
I personally also get
older for example the age that you already form
a family that now only the times
that you have are for the family Verito
welcome to the family Thank you very much
Verito heart
loves you so for example what I
have are friends who are the best
friends that you stay with for
life and those who are like brothers no and
you see them a couple of months a month or
or sometimes more other times less
depending on the time and and outside okay
things have not changed bad per I know that
your friends are only from the internet
but why are they you understand me you are
a person who has said [ __ ] yes to me J
that depends on the circumstance with
all these gang I get content I
get a video I get this I don't know what And with
these people well not so much and I don't
enjoy having a beer with them
there it seems to me that there is a strange point
of how you are as a person in that
sense you know but that there may be 1
reason for not getting together with your friends
from Granada for example or from Barcelona
when you were little the evening is
cool to see it but also in large part they go because I
went out because it is a party because it is
another environment such it is fun it is
partying you know it is a nice plan a
really nice plan it is not so much for [ __ ] sake
I want to see Peter fight that  also
but I want to see Papo fight papig
couldn't it's a nice plan the evening
is a nice plan but besides a lot of people
go because it depends a lot on showing up at the
places I mean there are these people that
marlén a hug for example me Juan it doesn't
change anything whether he shows up at the
evening or not Me Juan can do whatever the
[ __ ] he wants eh all the time I
mean when when you see for example
a kid Juan at an evening or in a or
in a series or whatever just like I
tell you many times about some no they keep
things quiet so they keep
inviting him I don't know what For example
about a yillo Juan I can't tell you that
a yillo Juan can do whatever the [ __ ] he wants
And if he goes it's because he
feels like it and that's it okay eh he can
afford it But there are people that there are people that are
Surviving on networks
instead of admitting that he can't he can't
survive his whole life or depend on
himself on networks okay go Surviving of I
show up here and he goes and invites me to this
Now I'm in this  series I want to fight I do
n't know what Yeah okay Cool but also
[ __ ] there's beer there's food there's a party
after that the whole [ __ ] is a great plan
really if you think about it it's a great plan
So how are they going to say no man
everything is very professionalized on
Twitch everything is very very is very there is a
lot of format each time Although it seems like a
cliché in reality more and more TV
because it is more and more [ __ ] TV Twitch
for me not only TV on a technical level
yes but it is TV on a gossip level or rather the
concept of Come on today let's see what what happened
today to react to everything
that happened today that's it And that In
Spain there is little relation eh I mean in the
Anglo-Saxon world there are Peña who dedicate
their 8-hour live stream it's 8 hours watching
videos there is Hassan Abi that Hassan
Abi What happens is that it is more
political content it is not a full
political reaction but I did not think man that this
world was so contaminated like
yes I did not expect man but inside
you mean d inside what is not
totally seen man If people knew things
of what you don't see people freaking out already
in [ __ ] colors, I, especially this
past year I've noticed it more, man, I say you
go to events, I go to events, man, and
when I talk to Peña, I
only hear [ __ ] and negative things,
very rarely, I don't know, except with
you guys, if I run into each other we talk about
[ __ ], but if I run into more
people it's like, well, this, this, the other with the other,
this with this, and it's like, what the
[ __ ] is going on here, man, and every time, every month
that passes, I'm happier to have
stayed with my people in that sense,
and it's not like, yes, I've told you
many times, okay, once again, the
same thing I've told you, I mean, many, many,
infinite things that are unknown, and
people freak out, eh, being conditioned and not
seeing anything in anyone because what a [ __ ]
[ __ ], man, but I'm not talking about him
changing, for example, you are one way
live and behind your back, to another, there are
cases, but behind your back, man, there's
Peña who really is a bad
person, or there's Peña who is
Bad yes it makes me feel very sorry for it too,
especially for people who have a crusade
against them online And then you say if it's already
passed Oh there are people who
have a crusade against them on a public level and
behind the scenes they're all good people and people it's the other
way around and it's amazing how many
[ __ ] there are and don't you notice that every
year that goes by it's worse I think one
day you have to tell us things I don't know
Maribel why would I tell
things maybe personal about anyone if they do
n't do anything to me or I don't know the truth it's
moves Well there are things that happen well n
But in the end the business world
is a bit like that too eh I mean in the end
the business world is a bit like that
you have to go I mean what do you think that
in business in any company eh
companies that are moving in selling
products in collaborating with this in that
in carrying their brand I don't know where I don't know what they
are not spending a lot of money but if we are
going to see the business world it is
false in Yes even with the
clients themselves I mean How many times are you not
working those who  you're working
Maybe facing the public as
shop assistants or whatever and you have to
be fake with your own clients and
a client has you up to your neck and you know
what I'm saying I mean these are things and that's it you have to
take it as coming to
work and that's it I think it's also like
a bit in all the worlds that happens
man in football all the things that you have to
do to get to the top in the
end it's those who are there the ones who are there
there's also a jungle man and the people there
well fight to see who the [ __ ] is in the
middle and there are people with a lot of cunning
and between everyone Well you always find
someone who's on the inside but I
'm already like burned out man Not in that sense like
Besides I'm a person who
hates arguments and I
always avoid this [ __ ] and it's like with each
passing year I see how everything is
getting darker and more and more toxic everything
no and more there's like a nebula not
entering and and every time it's like Ugh what a [ __ ]
lazy thing I turn around I pass the subject it's
hard for me to see how new talent can enter I
mean how is it possible that a
person  It seems silly it seems
[ __ ] silly but the new people who
come onto the internet on Twitch especially
YouTube depend a lot on someone from
above it's not a joke eh that they see you and say I'm
going to give you a voice yes that's why it seems like a
joke what about The
Masons Yes we've seen that a lot No it
's already very complicated that suddenly You
create a channel and make a space for yourself eh I
mean normally it has to be because
you've approached someone or at some
point you've spoken with someone or they
consider you know what I'm
saying because they see you with someone to talk
or you upload a live of someone who already has an
audience what about The Masons To start with
I find it really funny and I
hope people really think that there is
an organization it would be incredible man
If you knew the reality and that we
are all [ __ ] you know but and this was coming
what I said I think that
new people need or help a lot to keep an
eye on you That and he goes and keeps an eye on you and decides to
talk about you or decides to say
host this guy But why Why do you
think it's more because an example that
can be with you  wanar is not an
overly well known guy Okay thanks to 21
days and because you decided that he should be
with you Maybe now wanar is
climbing And with misho the same but he is already
at a high base I meene est you guys
refer to new people from a t that
emp
haer I also tell you I think that the
market if you want to call it that way I
think it is very saturated man very
saturated there are too many people and it is
much more competitive than YouTube because you
are at the same time or you
see one or you see another YouTube can
save your videos come on I watch this
video I watch the other video I watch tdav
more it is 10 15 20 minutes live that
maichi is live for 7 hours and I also
want to see cristinini who has been live for 9 and
now I also want to see wy who has been
playing LoL for eight So how do I
decide or do I miss everything then it
gives me the feeling that he is sleeping a
bit I do not know if the magic of YouTube is
paying more to people watching
videos of this guy  Clavero with millions
of views because these people got into
Twitch, this is here
among the youth, eh, I mean, this is here
among the youth in this world, this
group, this that we, the YouTubers
that we talk about here, okay, they
got into Twitch and Twitch is
a public that is limited, I
mean, on Twitch everyone has the same
audience, it's the same audience moving
here or there, if they see one they don't see
the other, I mean,
eh, YouTube Imagine that YouTube is a
planet, well, Twitch is a
country, I mean,
not everyone has Twitch, not
everyone has the Twitch app, not
everyone puts Twitch on TV, not
everyone, I mean, they are the audience that they have, you
know, however,
YouTube is like infinitely bigger,
on YouTube you find a ton of
communities. That's why I always tell you
that the things that these people do don't
represent the entire community of
content creation, they represent the
circle in which they move and
know, but there is a lot, a lot, I
mean, I've told it a lot of times, I
mean  look for it yourselves I mean I
meet people who introduce me to
channels that you say [ __ ] these
channels I've never seen in my [ __ ]
life and Spanish channels with millions and
millions of monthly visits what do you say
uncle my brother-in-law I told you about this
recently my brother-in-law showed me a channel of a
guy who cleans the
car and he has the guy millions of visits
every day eh And you don't listen to it or
see it in the street or see it
anywhere Why Because it doesn't belong to the
environment and it crosses with this it crosses
with the
other of course and so there are tons eh of
people who do things people who do
workshop things people who do things of
geeky things of look at that world
of that world for example what
Win michu is doing now I mean that's
a community the cards the cards and
the board games of Magic of magic and I do
n't know what it's about I don't fully
understand what it's about but from the
times that we have commented on things about them
what I've seen I mean it has a has a
Lore it has an audience it has
communities and so on that  they handle in
that world, I mean, they are things that you don't
see, the creators, they are from those
people because then on some occasions I have come across
some
videos of people from those
card and
board game communities criticizing wismichu
because he had promoted a game I don't know
what and I have seen the videos and I have no
[ __ ] idea what he is criticizing
the
truth But there are their worlds and their worlds
and their worlds of things that are
not these people went to
Twitch Twitch paid them Twitch gave them
some contracts and they earned a lot of
money that they didn't earn on YouTube I don't know
what But in the end eh the big platform
the main platform the one that you are always going to see
on your phones on your
TVs is YouTube it's
YouTube for videos mu bu an outrage
man we have to talk Well this would be the
first extract okay in which he talks about
this topic now we will see another
little thing eye eye m luar I don't know if you
are watching us but these are going to be
three extracts obviously I got
hooked on the one with the puppy pench concho I
started by watching videos  of wam There's a
ton of community stuff from
community a ton of
video stuff there's a ton is that m
Thank you very much because these people
always move around and they
intend to move in the same
circles in the same circles the
sound is very low which Hello hello I
see it at full capacity But there are tons and
tons and tons of lords and and
communities Damn I'm
telling you a guy who cleans cars who
dedicates himself every week will have one of these car
washes he will work in this car
wash and every week he goes washing
cars today I'll wash a Mercedes and he will
show you How to clean the rim how to clean
the discs or rather
and it has the video millions of
views it's
incredible well in the next section
that we're going to see I Juan Comments on his
private life and
masi says that he talks about how well
the exposure they have that it would be
impossible for his life as a couple if
masi didn't go through the Stream masi
is killing it a lot eh And it's worth it eh And it's
worth it
masi Well masi is now going to present the
galas the post galas of Operación Triunfo  I
said it today on the news I do
n't know if you've
seen it my mom and I don't miss your
videos Take care of yourself a kiss Lourde
heart unía of is really living together
living with no but living with friends
has very good things and also
[ __ ] up things eh In fact I always hear
people tell me I love you very much but we will
never live together because there are friends of
mine that are practically
brothers from another mother but I know that if we
live together the relationship will go to
[ __ ] I know perfectly well and
nothing happens it's normal and there are friendships that get
screwed because that's why eh when you go to
live with me at living together I'm
really bad I don't really like the whole thing
with anyone not even cousins ​​and
things like that I'm the one to go to houses and
these things unless it's something that I know
t because it's necessary because maybe you know
eh but if it can be
avoided me my house once I close
the doors my children my wife you know with
you with your partner it has to be a
turning point I mean there's no going back
If you were  together before and
then you started living together or how, I mean,
in fact it's more and I still do
n't really live together because it's
like from time to time we live
When I come here such And when he
comes but we're not in the same house
the two of us a month in a row it hasn't
happened yet eh but we didn't live together it
was last year and and I
know people that go with the couple they
get along great eh And suddenly
they live with the with the couple and suddenly they
notice that [ __ ] this is [ __ ] and they
propose to go back to living separately but I don't know, well it's
not possible but I sometimes
think man nowadays that people have a
different mentality and such why do you have to
live together you know let's say you
live in the same city but really
if a couple works being
both in your apartment you are married or
anything and you don't intend to get married or have a
family then there's nothing wrong with it no
really I am like that with masi But not
because of circumstances Not because we don't get along
or anything but if there are people for whom it
works like this then it continues being so
but  I don't How strange that they don't live
together I mean what they do is stay
at each other's houses from time
to time How strange How strange right Well let's see, it's not that I expected that they did live together a long time ago I believed that she lived in Malaga damn see what I believed And it's that precisely I don't know why but at some point I was I don't
know no that I was talking about it
live but I was thinking about it Yeah well
she's from Malaga I don't know I think I
read somewhere that she was
from Malaga no I don't know the truth I must have
smoked something yes yes What's wrong with the cameraman
that the one in this shot that moves more than he
could I can't I can't you that's
something that is always said that a
relationship The important thing is there is a
chess channel that has 100 million
monthly visits Haha and communities
for everything I love you babe Kisses and
hugs smiling face well F you pores
fite you 100 million visits and you don't
see them with this or fighting to get
into an event or I don't know or I don't know what
or  I don't know how much sooner damn, well no, ...
you
know the little denim jacket,
sweatshirt, we have to do it, eh,
how are the machines? Well, look at this
podcast, it was David Visval, I'm very
envious because it was David Visval, I don't know
why. Let's see, they have a big audience for this
podcast. I have this posted
here. Let's see, more, family, close friend,
distant friend. They have 267
subscribers, man. This Deene
and Samanta Houston, for example, have something
more normal, man, yes, they have a lot. Of course,
but I also tell you, they have a lot because of
the guests they have, of
course, it's that with these guests we
're going to blow it up. Eh, well, let's see,
everyone, you didn't invite them. I also tell you
Pablo Agon, I would
invite her, well, let's
see, eh,
if they have them. Eh, well, they don't have them, then the
extracts, they don't have visitors, some yes,
others
no. These are agency things, I can't
imagine, no. So, let David Bal come
to your
posca fate, you Arancha Coca, eh Arancha
Coca, the psychologist of love, of course,
this is the one that's going to have five always,
and please don't take it and put it in
the other corner because it pisses me off to
take it, put it another way.
maybe leave it there that I put it Ah for something You know but above all it was that I entered and I was editing pause and I always said you can't eh I say I can't you have to go I can't I have to be alone I don't download the live streams, I mean, on my
YouTube channel I manage it then I
finish my live stream I hit export and I do
n't do anything else I put the
thumbnail Bla and maybe a
7 hour live stream has a million views and
maybe next year I'll work on a
video and it has 200,000 you
know a million it's true eh that's what I
realized
what's up Rubén I don't get along
with nil Yeah let's go It's not that we get along
but the exchanges of interactions
that we've had have been good I always
made a video criticism 500
million years ago I think in 2016 or
2015 but like with humor and he
took it well and he put something I don't remember
what he put and then from time to time
here on Twitch he's made me r  and he
mentions Guay and all that without any problem I haven't
had any problem with him but with
this one with Gorgo with Werly I've never
had a bad one or anything eh but
with Gorgo it's that no no he isn't that no
Gorgo is superior to me
is superior to me I have no
personal problem with him the only thing that
happened to us was that a friend of mine put an
ST series on him a long time ago and
since then you know but I know that I've
seen him on several occasions supporting
[ __ ] against me very very ugly very
ugly but also next year he would
do it with peace of mind and I Juan you
collaborated with him in 2016 s that
strong no that no how strong that no but
of course his name wasn't Juan his name was lmd
Show
Yes yes
yes look here I'm collaborating this
time it's going to be the first
Andalusian youtuber from my land that's going to stop by
here for the session blog dubbing criticism
criticism of Peppa videos today we met
Juan Alberto you what a soup face it doesn't
mean anything how little eh how
little the two of them eh [ __ ] that no  it's
catchy for nothing What's been explained
many times I started making
compilations of El Capo and my channel was
called the best of Alex because I
thought about uploading three or four and leaving it
Then lmd is the best of now I
put Show for Add something like it was
called the best of such and such I say I want to
start uploading my stuff I removed that
name and
put the md I say clear and then put the md Hey, Juan was very good people eh the truth is that I didn't know him at all and he gave me the interview but by face eh like here He there he I remember I was like starting to grow in
the world of criticism because he
did like criticism no and maybe he
had 100,000
150,000 subscribers I think he had eh
100,000 150,000 eh subscribers look at you
eh look at you
eh purity
pza pza
pza both have gained over the years Well
yes the truth is that yes I both
no longer had fame well he was starting to have
there
his his family He was starting to have it
he had that's what I'm telling you 150,000 or
200,000 no I think that I think
200,000 no I think 200,000 is a lot
how old were you in that video Javi
Well look if this was
2016 2016 mother of all things
beautiful 2016 man yes it was a lifetime
yes it was a lifetime buddy
2016 [ __ ] 8 years ago almost
eh No eight no but seven Yeah
come on
kid and we're going to enter
2024 almost 8
years almost 8 years for 8 years goes seven
for 80
m still yes stopped at 7 years
my goodness what time what time for God
31 years old of course no what the [ __ ] 31 and and
not yet well just turned No
just turned
31 my goodness how long how long have I
been here
eh my life doesn't depend on this video
going  not bad then it seems you have that
freedom But it's true that at the beginning
when you're living off them or
arriving in a hurry YouTube is a bit of a
nutcase sometimes she does like to
tell more things About my life Well, look
at a Yo Juan live stream from those on
YouTube that has a million views
eh And it's a live stream that's maybe 6 hours
long and it's 4 or 5000 bucks or more eh
quietly each one well it depends on
the ads that they put in Of course because I
think he doesn't care It's not a bit he's not
very direct in that
sense and I do
n't care [ __ ] like but about
my private things with her about how
I am with her and things like that I keep it
m not only with her but with you on a
personal level there's no me on a personal level It's that I
'm not a person who hides
many secrets the truth sincerely there are
times that I have regretted
being so open a little no And talking
so much about so many things because many
times it can play against you you know
but I've always been like that you know of I don't know
things have come out very
naturally to me example I see  that there's some kind of mess
with a streamer or whatever who's having
an issue with so-and-so and ends up fighting with his
girlfriend with whom he's been doing
streams and such it's like I'm like man it's
that easy Just don't tell it like
Leave that to yourself she's right
there totally right there gorgo eh I think I mean
if I really don't know it seems to me that it
avoids a lot more problems you know but the thing is that
I can't take what Ricky did that
we talked about a little while ago, it was so so
easy that nobody would have
known I mean they wouldn't have if no if they did
n't want it to come out it wouldn't have come out it's
as simple as that it
came out because they wanted it to
come out as a girlfriend wait This sounds
weird I mean I can't take into account let's
see to begin with when me and I started
I was already on the internet and such And what
happens is that I made videos I
practically didn't do live shows and such It's not that I
thought damn masi come on let's go out no no no it's that
she loves this she's
always been little she's been the dumb one the
camera she really liked it then
everything came up I'm not going to say  the most like that
No because I start to think about the
future and I say you're never going to go out with me
because maybe in the future,
man, it flows, you feel like it, you find it
funny You have fun and I have fun and
I'm the same as if my friend Andrés,
my friend Marco, the same, exactly
the same philosophy What happens is that of course it
's a romantic relationship, it's different,
but I can't put the brakes on more and like
here, don't come out Here yes, eh, not here
and well now it's true that there are already
points where there are shady things about
Peña and things like that people, that they
idealize you a lot, that they obsess Peña that it's
[ __ ] embarrassing for others, this didn't
happen before because before when 500
people came to the live shows, it didn't happen.
Of course, now we're live and there are
50,000. Well, imagine the possibility that
some [ __ ] crazy person might have, no, but of
course I can't foresee this, I can't
tell you anymore in 2017, listen to me, in
2023 this is going to happen, I didn't know what was going to happen
I flow and that's it then
sometimes I hit the [ __ ] wall and that's how it is
but I can't be planning and
being so meticulous because I'm not like
that you came to practice Something happened
something I didn't do anything it never happened
dude I finished the master's I practically threw myself into that interview that I did he was telling me that he was doing the master's in law you as a lawyer eh look at you eh it's 6 months full YouTube but earning 100 bucks a month 150 I had problems even at home well problem I
mean some argument with my mother
that my mother said listen to me it's
necessary that if you can work it would be Cool
the truth Because we have spent A lot of
money on the [ __ ] degree and
the master's And you are doing things on the internet such eh Well right after not a little time passed a year a little less than a year and then what happened was that I knew spursito espurcito He recommended me there when I was working for him at play they called me to present here
in Madrid  They offered a salary eh And that's it from
there it changed me until
today, wow, because thanks to that salary that they
gave me I could eh In the morning go to
Play and in the afternoon these my videos but
with the security of knowing that I have somewhere to
fall dead and I have money to
survive but that was the point of
inflation if it hadn't been for me I
always say it man I owe him a lot
pulsito In that sense Because if he
hadn't spoken well of me and they
hadn't given me that opportunity I mean I know
when lmd show started presenting on
Play on PlayStation on Sony eh pulsito
had a program espurcito was the one that
blew up espurcito came out of almost
nowhere with his football No, I actually eh back
in the day I knew spursito spursito
and I met we have
never met in person no but we have known each other
from talking and following each other for
many years through a mutual friend a
friend who is no longer dedicated to this who was a
DJ and formerly pulsito I remember I
suddenly in I don't know how many months he had
100,000 subscribers he was killing it with
football, it sucks, they got him on
PlayStation, you know, it was killing it, pulse, it really
hit it And then he met, he
met Juan, who I think they
met through this friend that I
'm mentioning, okay, he's the good one,
a friend that I've mentioned many
times, you all know Who's good, no, no, you don't
know, you know about the time and
so on, no, a friend of mine from Barcelona
who I didn't know was a former pulse, the one
who got Juan into that
Sonic thing, just think, eh, yes, Pedro, juanma,
juanma By myself, I'd be here right now, I do
n't know, it's all
[ __ ] up because I was about to say, I'm
leaving this now because I can't, man, I mean, I have to be
at home, it's necessary,
listen to me, wow, eh And trust me, eh if it
hadn't been like
that, if it hadn't been like that, wow, eh This is
going into another excerpt, man, I should have
cut it off there, but anyway, let's start
another excerpt, now next,
tiberian, no, for God's sake, Mario  tiberian
Mario tiberian my goodness that's a case
Apart from that a while ago Marius hasn't been around here Well,
trust yourself eh Well, trust yourself
I didn't know this, I didn't know this, let's
see it again for the new extract
okay we'll see it again for the new
extract remind you all to
subscribe, to give it a like and all that
stuff okay we're seeing me Juan
talking about his beginnings How he started to
dedicate himself to this professionally
a kiss Jorge to exercise something happened
Alo doesn't say anything it never happened man I
finished the master's degree I spent practically
6 months full of YouTube but
earning 100 bucks a month 150 I had
problems even at home well problem I
mean some fight with my mother
that my mother said listen to me m this let's see
me It was to you that I would swear you
can see
[Music]
here the dates that he said don't match up
because look here when
I'm
interviewing him he was already friends with pulsito
and these people okay And he was already doing well on
YouTube  I mean, no, maybe to earn
3000 a month, but man, with 100,000
subscribers, 200,000 subscribers, man, I
think that maybe at least you
get 1000 pavet or 500 petes. No, well, I would
upload two or three videos a month, so
maybe yes. Maybe 300, 400, 500
petes. I don't know, it depends on the CPM I
had, no, but of course, here it sounds to me like he
was telling me that he was
n't studying yet, and now I'm
finishing a master's degree in criminal law and
criminal policy. To finish my
studies, I don't know if he would let me defend
you, Juan. No, don't let me, I don't
recommend it. And how do you find time, man, for so
much continuity on the channel, taking
time away from your studies, that's what I was going to tell you
because I have colleagues who are
studying and they don't want to even
have another beer, let's see. I
also started uploading videos when I
was almost finished with law, like I
was in my last year, one
story doesn't fit with the other,
but anyway, we're more or less in a bad way here, it's
necessary that if you can work  It would be
cool the truth because we haven't spent
A fortune on the [ __ ] degree in the
master's degree And you're doing things on the
internet such eh Well just after not
a little time passed a year a little
less than a year and already what happened was that
I knew spursito spursito
recommended me there when it was
happening to him in play they called me to
present here in Madrid they offered me
a salary eh And that's it from there on
How your accent has changed Javi
What a shame man what a shame No
masu I had it very closed man I can't
hear me let's say I'm not very understandable
now how more
and I combine it well playing whatever
because I like it I record myself playing
if you organize yourself well always to
study and to Going up steps you
Imagine that this comes a day when you
are collecting with your visits your
promotions based on YouTube that you are
earning an already decent salary we will have
a salary like a lawyer more or less you would
accommodate yourself or would it take a little longer
[ __ ] what question is this look what I
'm asking him Hey Juan you have this click  that I'm going to
take it for Twitter you this
this clip I'm going to take it now for
Twitter you the clip but from the video eh without
reacting listen to the question listen to
the question you let's give an example Juan
Imagine that this because right now you
're Climbing steps you Imagine
that this comes a day when you're
collecting with your visits your promotions
based on YouTube that you're earning a
decent salary let's talk a salary
like a lawyer more or less we're talking about a
salary like a lawyer more or less
man I'm telling the [ __ ] me Juan
touch yourself
what innocence What a child we were
eh listen to me eh would
you accommodate yourself or would it take you a
little longer to do what you've
studied if you get to collect a salary
that you say I can allow myself to get rid of I mean I do
n't know it's that for me this
YouTube is like super ephemeral you know it's
like something a train that passes in life
man and if it doesn't jump and the train catches it It
leaves and the train doesn't stop for you
then if that moment arrives Imagine
what train okay the train is coming this one that  You
say I can
live off this and that train comes You say
what do I do? I take it, I leave it, I take it, I leave it, I take it, I leave it, I
think I would take it,
man You think this is going to last a
lifetime or this will have a limited time, that's
hard to answer because
YouTube How good, let's see now he's a
millionaire a lawyer's salary eh a
lawyer's salary
eh my goodness eh Who would tell us eh Who would
n't say Well, I'm not doing bad either, I
don't get paid as a lawyer but oh
well but oh well, it's gone well for
both of us, the truth is for him, he's much
better as a lawyer No, but from a law firm, yes, from a law
firm and and and and and and and from 20
law firm how strong eh how strong eh what I
was suggesting to you eh changed until today,
wow, because thanks to that salary that they
gave me, I could eh In the morning go to
Play and in the afternoon my live streams, my
videos, but with the security that I
have somewhere to fall dead and I have money
to survive How did you manage  that
interview well I asked him to his face and he
gave it to me to his face just like I
tell you that on some occasions And I
Juan well Oy well this doesn't sit well with me well
this sits badly with me just like I
tell you that I will always remember that
kid let's say he has, I mean he has a
very humble point me Juan in that sense
has things and has things and other things
that maybe aren't that good and
others that are not that good No but in that sense
look at you with a nobody that maybe
I had at that time 5000
followers or not or not even that you know I don't know
and I told him Hey look I'm doing
some interviews I don't know
what look eh And if you ask him now I would
give it to you again No now I don't
think so the circumstances have I know I think
not the truth is I think that
obviously no it wouldn't even be acceptable to
ask him no Not
for anything but for what happened this
year and so on no but that was the
turning point if it hadn't been for me I
always say man I give him a lot of exp
pure in that sense Because if he
hadn't spoken well of me  and they
hadn't given me that opportunity I
would be here right now on my own I don't know it's just
that all of this was [ __ ] up because I
was about to say I'm leaving this now
because I can't man, I mean I have to
eat at home too and my
parents weren't very good and it was how I
could help or even become
independent and of course the typical thing
while I was on play I continued with
live and my videos What happens is that in the
end someone else kind of reached more magnitude
and more importance than Play on an
economic level and on a time level and in the end
well I ended up leaving Play and dedicating myself
full to my thing and you on play what were you doing
[ __ ] all dude hos traveled report
interview The first time that I noticed
that a lot of people were watching me was playing
the first time that I played GTA role
Play to GTA V in 2019 before
marvella goes and all these things but what
happened wasn't your fault but the
friend's but well he will be with his
friend I ca
n't imagine no I don't know or maybe he doesn't care or
maybe not
maybe  better say listen to me he asked for it
and that's it it's logical I mean who
who would think that with what my
friend wrote to me he wouldn't
report him who would think that do you
understand me one day Random to the face I
discovered it I got involved and I remember that there were
5000 people 5000 people in 2019 it was
like holy [ __ ] you know I felt it like
50,000 now you know 5000 the
next day 8000 How the [ __ ] 5000 per
Random to the face I discovered it I got involved and
I remember that there were 5000 people 5000
people in 2019 it was like holy [ __ ] you
know I felt it like 50,000 now
you know 1000 the next day 8000 eh in
that same week Like pum pum pum yes yes yes no I don't know I don't know
I'm 23 years old ent how is he
now 31 I'm 29 Of course
because your first live show How
old were you when you did it with 21 I think  there or
with 20 before no vaar he didn't say
absolutely anything or after Neither before nor
during anything
nothing could have stopped him because maybe
maybe if he apologized to me in
time Maybe I'll just take it and remove it or
something but it's not like you made videos I
understand but apart from what is the fault
of what the friend does No man I saw
that he could see I don't know either no no at
the same time it was 2015 I in 2015 did a
live stream on Twitch Ultra one was there
someone who did live streams before who
was in Spain or who is still there The
capo started 2015 also I think that those
who were on Twitch at that time were
the million al is the capo the millor was
there yes the millor has been going for years that the host
maybe they were already without the millor the millor
did 12 hours of live every day
maybe also No well I think they
were ales The capo and and the millor Hey
how crazy that I mean you were born from an
account of Alex El capo's best moments
and now and suddenly [ __ ] you
turn into  a profile even more
tocho thatal is the capo at the
numbers level is a [ __ ] outrage it's as
if the account This is a fan club of
papi Gabi well Ceci armi uncle Ceci armi
but of course Ceci armi but I wasn't a fan of
Ceci it was like hugging The Ceci meme
but you literally were the best
direct has nothing to because no
but cci started because it was all
about cci because
Cecilio G had disappeared and it's super viral and they started
uploading stuff like that but it's like it
gets viral videos but just like you didn't
start doing Direct beginning ti
its mid Sure but 7 years have passed and it's
still doing the same thing I mean no
but at the beginning it was about Cecilio G it was
only about him no no it's an outrage even
if it doesn't make sense it's like
suddenly a fan club of yours almost was a
fan club but almost the fans one of
these that makes videos of and
also had their big deal eh Alex
El capo and and Juan had their
big deal because Alex El capo said dude
let's see is that you  monetizing
Uh a content that are compilations
of my live streams, I mean the best, the
best parts of my live streams I mean
imagine no, it does
n't fit one thing is that you do it, I don't
know, I don't know, it doesn't make much
sense, honestly, that's why today, Juan
always says that he has many channels,
man, [ __ ] But there are channels that have a
lot of views of uploading videos of
Jo Juan, I get, I get
a lot of videos of
Juan that are not his as recommended, and Jo Juan and masi
talk about I don't know what and I Juan playing I don't
know how much and I Juan tells what
happened to him on the beach, you know, and videos that
maybe have 700,000 views, I mean
views that I don't have with my
videos and that's because Juan has
said that he doesn't care as
long as they mention his
Twitch channel, which I mean, I don't see
any sense in that, as long as he mentions
on his Twitch channel that people upload
whatever they want, I don't see any sense in that,
let's see, man, you create
a secondary channel and that  there you upload
all the excerpts and all these moves
and that's it and with the content ID that
comes out of the copyright on all the people who
upload something of yours you understand me, they are not
going to not promote you because they
upload excerpts
of yours Because those excerpts of yours are getting visits because it's you That it doesn't make sense to charge for it suddenly and I mean not suddenly either because it's been seven [ __ ] years I mean but wouldn't it be strange if suddenly an account that was eh the best clips of and I Juan was like what do you think has
made you stand out from the
people Alex The boss told Juan come on
cool Put yourself to make your content to
see if someone sees you and now 30
times more people see Juan than him but
well we are not going to justify either what he
gave what Juan did because on
top of that Juan protested when Alex
el campo called his attention
eh Because well come on okay you do it it
's not a compilation a compilation of
a live or rather the best of a
live upload only one thing that you
react to or comment on okay that's what there
is  fair use but since you
make compilations of someone
else's live shows and your channel is called the best of
Alex El Capo No no that's not
fair use then Alex's complaint was
completely logical and the other guy
protested Hey there's a video crossover there
I don't know if they have it public I
have it but there's a crossover of
their videos there eh that Hey then you
Juan It's blown up because he has his he has
a lot of charisma no eh he's blown up
worth a year more than a year being in Top
one with the most subscribers in Spain that you do
n't even understand yourself but what do you think
the people who think a lot the people who
are very self-aware the people who
constantly analyze themselves What about that's where
the [ __ ] problems come in I try to
think But Javi Do you think that Jo Juan is going to
upload Random excerpts to his channel alone Just
because a secondary channel of exatos
Sure Why not Yes His content
is his programs his
live shows ar a little bit really I get involved in
the wheel that it has to happen to you a
bit the same no because you are Every
[ __ ] day with  different [ __ ] in your
head you're on the wheel Wheel Wheel Wheel Wheel Wheel Wheel
sometimes you leave and they
ask you the wheel What is it you look at me
get on again I continue I don't know don't ask me
that on PC I have the Twitch viewers I
have them removed I never know how many
people there are unless someone
puts it to me in the chat the same as TV on
another platform I don't think it will go down I do
think there will be moments of more H
Twitch more hype on YouTube or rather more
video hype or more hype at the moment
Stream but I don't think it will ever pop
as such it doesn't make sense
like saying TV pops well
TV pops at the best Look imagine
Streaming like a giant bubble and
inside that bubble there are little
bubbles format series the series have already
popped not as much as you think But
a few years ago they popped more but you
mean
Minecraft the series has already popped says Juan
that just had Aon Play 140,000
viewers churra on Sunday surpassing
King
lich also easily surpassing
King lich with
extreme Minecraft I mean everyone was
like  Oh auron, the fun is already affected
Karma, I don't know what, I don't know how much Like
rejoicing that auron had 40, 40,
50,000 viewers and it's because auron
gave her the desire to be low-profile for a few months,
but now at the moment that she
made a Minecraft series,
extreme Minecraft, which you see, it's
something that I think is the one that
attracts my attention the least, it's the one that attracts me the
least, no, I don't know the truth,
well, auron Play had 140,000 viewers on
Sunday,
surpassing King, eh with everything
behind the kin,
eh, television series, it's not a [ __ ] thing
I'm saying Imagine the bubble is not even
listening because a
very specific format has burned out, which is
a YouTube video game series, one that needs to be a
little innovative in a place and now it will
return to the level of hype, to the level of what
is fashionable, to the level of You know,
Twitch is like not so much anymore, that's why I say
but in 202021 it was what was fashionable
and it was the place  Cool, I don't see it as
a platform as such, if it's going to be
Twitch or something, it's going to be like the fact, not
the content itself. Suddenly a
new generation comes out and they'll see streams on
TikTok or whatever platform. No,
I'm also related to this
future, no, I see myself in 15 years
doing the same thing. Yes, but I hope not
so many people see me
because it would really freak me out. It's
weird to say this because it seems like you're
underestimating me and I'm not underestimating anything
at all. It's a gift and I'm
lucky. I'm very privileged. To be happy. Because
someone has 40,000 viewers sounds
like something good. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, that happens, eh, that happens, that happens. It's that I.
The
fact that you have 2,000 viewers
every day, I already see it as something to be happy about,
not to mention
worship every day, I mean, whatever you
're talking about, 2,000
at least, that's how I sign that it doesn't
move from there ever. I sign that it doesn't
move from there
ever, but I don't want that much attention, you
always know when  you're older and
maybe you want to have your family man I don't
know you want to have a
quieter life not if you have kids and things like that
you you guys want to have kids and go out to
take them to daycare and have people
stopping you no no it's not to screw you
either but even so even if tomorrow you
stop to stream and you're not going to
change physically so much that
in 10 years people will follow you
but there's also a large percentage that
stops you Simply because look this guy
is really in fashion right now I stop him
maybe the only one who stops you is the people
who say wow I saw you and I don't think there
's that many people No of course it's not the
same I doubt it I think the
percentage drops a lot a lot Damn you work in a
shopping center and how many of all the kids and
all the kids who stop you do they stop you
because that's how I see it when you no longer
generate content to be seen not
only on your platform but on the you
all the balls there are a lot of people who will
say yes Look, it's that one and he won't even
come close to you but I start to think about being
stopped and I think  like in the future no
and I think if I want to start a family
and such I want to start a family with all
this noise around me I think not, well
yes it is a good approach eh it is a good
approach
No what do you guys think about
family Dalas has finally spoken
reported Look Dallas has talked about
cco Dallas against cocu and the elite by
complaint Lu told me that we see until
minute 16 but the mini already, I mean the
mini is already the best eh the mini is very
well played eh Hey but eff he's
uploading videos I hadn't realized he
's uploading videos while he's traveling I
mean but he's uploading edited videos
while he's
traveling finally reported take it now
criminally let's see he says look minute
by minute ccu has finally been reported
But not for what we thought he was going to
do it for which is a shame
But he still continues to demonstrate the
kind of extremely trashy
character that he is and on this occasion not
only with people in this case with
the girl he abused that you all
know the story but in case you don't
remember I'll remind you kku  he had
relations over 18 with a girl who
was completely unconscious
after having relations she did not
remember absolutely anything while the
girl was unconscious he undressed her and
removed the blanket that she had on and
took a picture with her to send it to
his other disgusting friend the momo
both of whom have participated in the
garbage of the ibai evening which by
the way if you have not seen my ibai video
the most hypocritical there is I recommend you
see it because ah I show how the guy is
dedicated to condemning a coach a
president of soccer who gave a peck
to a player of the soccer team
that by the way we were talking about
this on telesalseo today with my lawyer I
recommend that you watch it
okay I recommend that you watch it this thing about
rubiales has come to nothing or
rather he has been acquitted he has been
acquitted he is right now The
latest thing they are investigating is if there
was coercion because of course they filed
a complaint Jenny filed a
complaint against the guy for the kiss
sexual assault and for coercion because they said that they
were pressuring her to  I wouldn't
tell it I don't know what I don't know how much
eh And for now it's been a
long time since people were wondering how it's
possible that he goes to jail for these
acts and the answer is very simple and it
is
that if the victim doesn't report it it's impossible to do anything basically it would be enough to go to court and say no it was all planned it was all set up and that's it and obviously there would be no judge capable of condemning these acts no you didn't behave like a daughter of a thousand the same in sex 10
points Where are my clothes
and your clothes I tried to put the bra on you
so you're not naked and and I put it on you
well This is a bit of the same as always
that we're tired of seeing it's enough brutal I'm going
to be a piece of garbage of a person Not
only with other people with other
women but also with animals and
it turns out that his dogs he has
three
dogs of which they do condemn
coscu now before reading the
complaint that the truth is that it is very
strong and it shows that not only is this guy
an abuser with people but also
with animals I will explain to you why I
went through his profile  to see if he had
said anything by chance if he had
regretted because his dogs almost
ended the life of a woman and
ended his life he has not said
absolutely anything about the subject eh
he has not said absolutely
anythingo my [ __ ] is cured dude he has not
said absolutely nothing about the subject Hey
look this happened nothing he has not said
anything not even in his Stream or anything and he is with
the dogs eh I have seen on Twitter the
images in which he is with the dogs in his
house his pet and I saw that it
was not so senseless garbage at least
at the point that I am recording This
video and curiously they ended the
life of his pet and I saw that it was not I
want to collect football shs
arent
for you What are the best Ah
senseless garbage at least at the point that I
am recording This video and
curiously I came across something that
caught my attention and that is that
apparently he is invited to a series of
streamers for youtubers I found it
quite curious because I said Mm how
curious who is involved in this
series exactly and I found that
apart from himself who is involved  among
this series of streamers there is also
drum roll Ari superb
Gameplay Ari is also there
Ari is also there I did
n't
know
uncle Well what can I tell you how
strong how
strong come on but stop getting hooked on
things from the past and Yes but she pushed my
grandma uncle the other day Ari
was saying that let's see that I don't know
uncle what the [ __ ] I didn't know that she
was also there and Juan too let's see
Stop getting hooked on things from the past
What the [ __ ] Yes but ccu once
threw my grandpa yeah gey but well he's
going to get into a fight with germendia I
mean it had to do with it and then she pretended that
she didn't know absolutely anything about what
cosku had done it turns out that you have her
collaborating today in a new
series with kcu wonderful Ari I
like that By the way or do you remember that
Ari got super offended when soocas
from her multi-accounts started telling her
good lolas Chiqui well I remind you that
coscu also started telling Ari qu
tetov and it's not a secondary account what  he
did it from his own Stream with his entire
audience watching talking about
Ari's breasts but what a nice tit let's see
what Cocu did, what a choca, I think in the end I
would have to look at it but I think it was
proven that it wasn't him okay But
Ari still acted like she
was very offended not in case it
was him no but she didn't
feel
offended by this so succulent strong I can't help it she
's stronger than me what
nice tits nice eh Sorry as a friend I
tell you but so rich this Juan cizo well what a
comment man let's
see I understand that it's another time And
such But partner totally the same because he
also dedicated himself to not condemning Coscu
even to defending him together with Ari I
also want to tell you and remind you
take a good look at where the information comes from
the people who do not know their history are
condemned to repeat it Okay I repeat
again If the one who releases the clip and the one
who releases information is a person who
literally more than acting with reason
is acting with hate and that has happened for
more than a year now I ask you
please to keep a cool head Do not take all the
information that comes  Lately as
if it were the latest news the latest
revelation the latest absolutely everything you have to
know where the
information comes from and take it carefully from
there came a very famous mem that you have
probably seen on
social networks from when the chocas comes
saying good Lola Chiqui Ay How they
harass me on the internet kcu kovic Ay kcu is
God kku is very picantovich is very
picantovich really pathetic but this
is not the only one that is in there it
turns out that within this series there is also
Sprint my little house Sprint do you remember
Sprint probably I think the
most conceited and egocentric guy right now
in the Twitch scene, which By the
way is attacking
Play in almost every Stream for not inviting him to
his new series it is really pathetic
to me it could have been done in a
better way than not excluding
people really pu as a medium they are
excluding us and then creating a Server
apart from the people they are going to invite
now Hello what is going on how annoying
why didn't they invite him to the last series
I think that the funny thing is precisely
auron in the end auron after everything
that has happened I think that auron is more
calm, I mean I think that Auro
is just collaborating and
relating Only with the people
who feel comfortable with the people
who are his people and outside without more I don't think it's
more I don't think that everything
else is excuses I mean it's not that we don't
want Pro It's not that we don't want
triart no that it doesn't matter that he's with
his people with whom he has confidence I
think eh play all together go Well he's
also collaborating now with kku
but this is not the only one We also have
mayichi about whom I made a
whole video about it and I also left him the
last
message maichi is also going to collaborate
with kzu in the series I mean I was
pointing only at carche who was the
only one who had noticed because it had been
sent to me in the group Damn but
if they're all there then I mean it gives them I mean
this is no longer a reason why you
said well the evening because they had to keep
quiet because of the ibai but no longer it is not  it's
not because of ibay anymore This is
because they don't care
No auron is more selective that's
fine exactly the word is selective
But this has nothing to do with it and
there it goes this is because they want no Carmen
March 8 event of hari a kiss my
Carmen how is she saying that she
sincerely hoped that it would have been worth it to have
betrayed all her principles
in order to obtain her two minutes of
fame which she was never going to recover and because of
that message she blocked me Well now she has to
sit down to scratch her other 2 minutes
of fame by participating in this series with
this abuser and the case of amichi was
especially curious because I
personally helped her with the
case of a friend of hers who had been
abused and she asked me for help on a level of
how to manage this because you have her there
collaborating with an abuser Of course
and the icing on the cake you have
caprin which I remind you that a
while ago she said in the middle of a Stream we
commented Ari Gameplays is going live
saying that she is afraid to roleplay in case she
meets someone she doesn't want to or they
get her into some trouble according to her lul  I
hope they pass you the clip If they find it,
yes, I'm sure Luar will include it please
send it to him Let him know by DM so they can include it
in tomorrow's newscast Listen to me,
man, listen to me, man. Don't get involved in that series. Let's
see, for example, I've met
people on series. I've agreed to
participate in series with people with whom I have
problems. We can't say no, with people I don't
get along with. No, nothing good, but
well, you try to dodge, you try to get away. No,
even what I told you, I don't say
if I meet him or whatever, well, I
'll try to act as politely
or professionally as possible, but in the
end, they're not problems, you know, I mean, it's like
this is like you approve of
that man continuing to be invited to
places, of course, I mean, this is already an
approval. This no longer means that I'm by. This no longer
means that you have to keep your
position. No, I mean, until today we thought that
everything about the evening and that they kept quiet about
the evening was so as not to
lose, in that case, for example, Ari, the
position as presenter.
No, but now, man, this is already. What  it
means
What does this mean then with friends of
hers that a guy had dedicated in the
middle of a streamer event and with his
girlfriend next to him to touching her towards the
intimate area of ​​her leg without
consent. This streamer was ccu
she was saying that this had happened
in other streams but I was the only one
who said Who was this streamer who
had abused her he knew that he
was touching my legs and he was going
up more and more towards me my girlfriend
and well he is a very well-known person he is
a person that everyone is very
familiar with with that person and it
turns out that like magically osu
contacted him and said Hey I don't remember anything
then she said Oh well then I will
have forgotten everything and only
caprin for her two minutes of fame
Well now she basically licks the
coscu's balls and follows him
on Twitter this chick stops me an entire video
just about herself because it is absolutely repulsive all of this but yes this is also collaborating in that same incredible series the Twitch elite never that of the caprim min that of the caprim min in  your life you will see such
extremely criminal people double faced
false and extremely horrible In
your whole life that is precisely why they hate me so
much because I am the only one who is
telling them their truths anyway I will make a
video specifically about some of
these youtubers especially about
caprin because the truth is that the case
When it happened I was so shocked by how
extremely false it was that I said it
overwhelmed me Honestly but I have to
dedicate a video specifically to this
case because the truth is that I find it
totally repulsive how the chick
maintains a story a version that
cco used her until coscu then
responds to him promises him something some fame
or to participate in some series or something like that
And then suddenly magically
caprin follows him on Twitter and
then participates in series with him
truly absolutely repulsive and also the
AR Gameplays pretending Oh I didn't
know anything And when he did find out he didn't
condemn him and now that he does know he
collaborates on series with him with Juan cizo
also in mode but my bed is better
anyway let's move on to the subject of the
complaint what has happened
exactly it turns out that coscu apparently
has three dogs something that I had no
idea and curiously the three are
four No what
exactly has happened it turns out that coscu apparently
has three dogs something that I apparently
are four It is that in the complaint it says
Three a dogo and
two pitbulls it wasn't no and which is the dogo
and which is the Pitbull I am that of dog
the truth is I have my coke and out eh Let's see
I would say that these are pitbulls not these
two and this one Maybe it's a dogo no that it is like
similar also no but it is
different it is not And this is a bulld I
think that maybe the bulld eh It's not
his it is here in the photo and that's it or
maybe three of him escaped and the other one did not
escape I had no idea and
curiously the three are
dangerous breeds they are two Pitbulls and a dogo
here are some photos so you can
see what these dogs are First of
all a little definition what is
considered a dangerous breed dog in
many countries a special license is required
to own  dangerous breed dogs
not because all those dogs of
that breed are dangerous but because
poorly educating those dogs implies that
you have a weapon of mass destruction in your house
And what is considered
for a dog to be precisely a
dangerous breed, especially the
strength that a chihuahua has in its jaw, no matter how
badly educated it is, if it is
a wild and badly educated dog, at most it will give
you a small bite on the
hand or foot, have some blood but that's it, a
badly
educated chihuahua is just that, it does nothing more
like les but nevertheless a more
educated pitbull, man, the dala is a real bastard, man, he is, he is,
the D is a real
bastard, man, like a lesbian, pum, take it up the
ass, host for free there Pam can
end your life because a bite from
a creature like that Well basically if it
bites you in the neck Goodbye, it's over and
not just in the neck It even bites you
in the leg in some
main arteries that are in the thigh Well, you
can also end up bleeding to death, that's why
dogs of
dangerous breeds are considered
dangerous breeds  because if you don't raise it well, if you
don't take good care of it, if you don't treat it well, and
especially if you use it as a guard dog,
then what happens is what happens. Guard dogs
are synonymous with
abused dogs.
Any dog ​​trainer who has ever
had dogs that were previously
guard dogs can tell you this. It's the worst thing you can
do, you drive the dog completely crazy.
Guard dogs are the
elegant way of calling dogs that are
abused by their owners who
basically leave them outside the house all day long
and if one day a cat or
whatever falls by. Well, basically the dog
ends the life of the cat or
any other animal that passes by
because they are such savage dogs they are not
properly educated by the hand of
man. I don't know if these guys' dogs
are guard dogs or not but for them to
escape from the enclosure they
were probably outside the house
and what I definitely know is that those
dogs were such savage dogs because a
well-educated dog, a dog, even
if it is a dangerous breed that has
received the correct attention and affection
from its owner, does not
attack dogs and worse, people.
street many dogs of ras Yes but I
also have a lot of respect for him eh I
mean I don't know to what extent if the dog
from a young age is very well educated and
raised and with love and all that stuff I do
n't know to what extent you can be
100% sure because in the end an animal
is not always an animal this better than me
this was explained by Fran Cuesta the other day
when he sent us an audio Well in fact
I put the audio damn it is an audio I
have it here wait in fact I put the
audio I have it
here I would say that it is the last audio that I
have of
Fran I would say I would say wait Let's
see yeah Look I did a program about
dangerous dogs eh an entire program
I spent almost months preparing it
talking to people with dog owners
with breeders at the end of the day they are
dogs that if you teach them from a
young age eh well and the and the caretaker or
the owner has them very well
balanced they are not dangerous dogs
okay but they are potentially dangerous
as they were called before What does it mean well
the strength that they have is gone
if a Chihuahua goes crazy eh well it
can bite you And if you  it hurts
but nothing happens a rottweiler or it
bites you a pitbull has a
bite Maybe 3000 the ones that hug the
pitbull the dogo the one in front and the other
is a boxer from what I've said yoo a
kiss King ferte chiuagua it's a question
of what dogs you want to have And how you
want to relate them then people
obviously want stronger dogs they
want more dogs above all it always depends
on the profile of the
person There is a problem for example of
training dogs for
abused women women who are afraid of their
ex-husbands And then those
dogs are prepared to live with them and
protect them from everything they are dogs that are
prepared to protect then there are
times when they go a little crazy and that
's what happens and of course it's not the same to
have one dog as to have five dogs of
that type eh they are a pack at the end of the
day if one attacks they all follow
eh it's an option that many people have
but it works if you have a
large farm and they are there to protect the farm or
in the countryside in a city really one
of those dogs can do a lot more
damage than people think then  It's not
that the dog is bad it's that you
can have one that you can control yourself
four you don't control them s it's that four you
trust
you total dangerous they attack other
dogs because they are poorly educated But at
least they have been raised by other
humans correctly they do not attack other humans
these dogs attacked
this person's [ __ ] they also attacked this
person and almost ended his life and this
point is quite important really
people who usually have several dogs
of dangerous breeds do not always have
dogs of these breeds only because they
want to feel very macho they are the
typical dogs that you see the canis the
wachiturros the slum dwellers with this
kind of dogs more than anything because they
want to appear to be very macho for
having this kind of dogs with this of
course I do not mean that people
who have dogs of dangerous breeds
have them for that reason but those of you who have
dogs of this type of breeds like
pitbulls dobermans even if
you are not slum dwellers who
have it just for that and you only like it
because you like the breed you like how it
looks you are capable  to say that
usually this type of breeds have it
scumbags have it canis have it
wachiturros have it scumbags barrio
bajera who use it as if it were some
kind of El Dallas calls a spade a spade I
miss my classy camicas vein
it's true yes yes yes yes
yes weapon that flexes on the street with
it and that is precisely why
many of the dogs of these breeds
often end up in kennels or
being sacrificed because their owners
are animal abusers those of you who
have dogs of dangerous breeds and
have raised them correctly will know
that your dogs would never harm
absolutely anyone because you have
educated them well that a dog hurting
other people or other dogs
is nothing more than a reflection of the mistreatment and
abuse of their owners That is 100% true and there is no
getting around it Well the fact
that the clown coscu has not one
not two but three dogs of
dangerous breeds that he also has
outside his house because according to Mirene the
map is a house that has a  garden and he
has them outside obviously otherwise how do they
escape they all escape and go
in wild pack mode through the neighborhood
attacking dogs and people it is nothing more
than a reflection of how much of a garbage character he
is and he continues to be the clown of coscu I'm
going to say dude it could be it's a good thing
things didn't get any worse eh it
could have been I'm going to leave the
video here you go and watch it in
full on his channel okay but it's a good thing
things didn't get any worse eh dude I mean
imagine children dude I mean any
kid teenager kid
elderly person anyone eh I mean any
person a baby imagine a mother
with a car dude where are you going
dude What are you doing dude what the hell are you doing I ca
n't be in my house I mean you
buy one you buy a great
house in a great urbanization of
these private ones like the one where
cosc ​​lives what's seen and now you can't be
sure
you know look at the WhatsApp Javi what's going on
with
WhatsApp there's nothing to look at Oh you
mean Dallas releases something good you
see it in his video okay  you see in his
video that I'm going to watch the next thing
dude no
No way, I didn't know this was on elc of
[Music]
r or whatever or whatever or whatever or
whatever Ah I didn't know heo I had
another one open here because it's true that Abi in
the last in the last week has gone to
Like three or four
podcasts has gone to like TR or cu podc
week and I had to open another one to
have open the one from La Placita
this jamal a
kiss Okay, so let's watch
r's podcast for the first time to see if it
's good no, that he criticized the one from al
de
delox Dalas says that they already took
the dogs away but his maybe it's not
updated because I remember that
we talked about how the dogs were
taken away because they were prohibited in the neighborhood
and so on but then it's
true that we've seen it on
Stream al al ccu with the dogs So I do
n't know eh They're getting you into controversies
that you don't want to get into No, I already
have the joke with my friends that I'm the
reason for all the problems are
made by the  [ __ ] this one about the girl who
also cries because of her cell phone or I don't know how to
comment on it or in general because they've
told me Look, it's like Avi I don't
know what, I don't know, I don't think I don't think I haven't
investigated enough maybe some
comment for sure that has been prob Hey, I think
Abi's nose looks pretty Did
n't you see the last delox podcast
no
no, the thing about the girl crying over her cell phone I
saw it on El Hormiguero it went viral
the day well I don't know if it went viral that
day but I remember that luare
had put it in a news report and I didn't comment on it and
the next day I think it was on El
Hormiguero the day I went to El Hormiguero
last Monday eh they put it there
they put it there Yes yes the nose is pretty
eh it's
pretty she did it well she did it well well
today I stopped by to see the
iPhone thing because I really
screwed up yes I've also seen
that her lips look very good tesa You're
right Yes yes the bad thing about lips is that
lips are temporary lips two
months where are your lips what did you
put on is the problem with the issue of
lips you went to Hormiguero Yeah Santiago
look at it on telesalseo I went to Hormiguero
last week
and I screwed up with the iPhone when I
bought the 14 because I said oh why am I
going to buy the Pro because it has another
camera I don't know what what does it matter I don't know what and
the camera is really noticeable and I miss it a lot
man when I'm traveling it
sucks not having the Pro it
sucks not having the Pro and today I was passing
by the Apple store because I had in
mind I say Well now the 15 comes out I
say give me the Pro I turn this one in and I
make the exchange I pay the difference but
man they give you or rather what they take off the
new one I mean I turn in this one the 14
that I bought it When was it when it
came out last year no I don't remember
when it came out
eh
And they give me 400 I mean they
take 400 off the new one just between adding this one and I
think the 15 Pro is worth it Well I don't know if
10000 or something like that So I have to pay
800 and my
phone is that
crazy 800 and my
phone is that it's a shame and I'm not going
to do it obviously I
resell it but how am I going to
sell my phone I don't know what's going on man that's it because that's it
because I don't have it it's
out
nothing happens No no that's it I'll keep the 14 and
out no I'm not going to pay 800 more for my
new phone you know that's what it is luares for
that I buy a little camera for
trips Take it by ass but it's just that it
seems a shame to me it seems a shame the
truth why do you think people have
so much pleasure in insulting me what
can especially I was going to say especially
on Twitter because lately also on
tiktok it's a nest of toxicity terri
lately and everything me Instagram me
Instagram It's the first time I receive he
Look at that because me Instagram for me
the most to for tamb was it was for a
few months the comments are disgusting no
comments from do you think we are in the
pic of tox of toxicity of networks or
rather we reach higher but than
I remember 100% or rather right now for
any nonsense it puts you  an
outrage But why is it I mean I
mean Where does it come from I mean I don't
know influencer is like for
everyone it's a guy or a girl who earns
a lot of money who does practically
nothing and that I could be him but I'm not so I
insult him it's for this
information Come on Javi if you charge A lot of
money with the lordship then I have to
support my children for the lordship man
Because if it were up to you no eh if
it were up to you no eh the truth You
think it's normal that we have 2400
members and we're here so calm
more than 2000 people and that we have 2400
members when what I should do
tonight is give myself away that I'm leaving that I have to go
but I'm leaving because I
have to go because life is like that I'm
leaving Puente ma Tomorrow I'm leaving of course
Tomorrow I'm leaving Well tomorrow I'll still do
live but Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday of course I'm not I'm not going to be there are
days that I'm going to lose
man and I'm leaving with the uneasiness
that you all haven't become members
no no no that information what he says
is more than  not envy type I would like to be him
but rage this guy is just like me and
look at the nonsense he says So I express
my hate in the comments I think
it's a mix Between that and the
toxicity on social media made like this you see it
was an inverse curve Twitter started
being an outrage they began to see
limits people were already aiming more at the one who
went too far And now that's
turning around people realize that
you can say an outrage And
really nothing happens to you normalize
then well let's go back to having what we
had in 2010 but with a lot more
people me of course Maité Look Maité has
given away 10 members Of course Mait that's
what we have to
do again you're going man that
bridge is that it is a bridge to the children we have to get it out
do it for the
children I think that with me giving away 10
members each we're doing well
eh Oh that's true I'm
going Anica I'm going Wait Anica is asking me for
something I think that with me giving away 10
members we're doing well
eh Let's see wait a minute Nia is asking me for
something
ready
Anita in my perception of when  I've been
insulted and such, let's see what you think
about that. Also, I think the most hurtful insult
comes from older people and the
most
basic insult, but the biggest, to give it
a go. I want to ask you,
aloo porot, have you changed the way you
manage? The people who isolate you have
normalized it. I've accepted that it's part of
my job, that also being the figure
that I am, being a woman and being x things, it's
always going to happen to a greater or lesser
extent and it's something that I can't stop, it
still affects me a lot, some
more than others. Maybe. Of course, if you
catch me PR rule and I say my
world is falling apart and if you catch me at a good point
that I'm happy with what I have, I won't care
more then. But anyway,
the time I was most screwed up
was at a time of being in the middle
of a hurricane of toxicity, but the
time in my private life, everyone was
dying. So the problem is this:
if you go into your hobby and it's horrible,
then when you disconnect, it's also horrible, then it
's as if you have everything
fine on the outside, it affects you less what they say on the
internet because a lot of what they say to you  go crazy
because there are many streamers who
spend their entire life on the internet and then they go to
sleep and go back in because there's
nothing else. Well, it seems to me that what he
said is something that is absolutely
right. Mayo Castrola. Thank you very much.
In the end, you have to assume that
part of your job is criticism, be
careful, not insults and stuff like that. eh
today. Well, today, no, I don't know when
Pablo filed them, but
this week we filed two
lawsuits, two
lawsuits, well, two complaints because one
is a lawsuit and the other is a complaint. I'm not
going to say much, okay. No. Well, in fact, I'm
not going to say anything until the
time comes, okay, but
eh. I don't know at what point people
think that you can just go around saying
any old nonsense and get away with it
and nothing will happen to you, hiding behind the fact that I
criticized you one day or I criticized you for several days. It doesn't
matter what criticism I
made of you. If I don't
disrespect you, I'm not insulting you or anything like that,
you can't just
respond to me, insulting, insulting, and with
nonsense,
okay. And another thing, for another very
strong thing that
happened, you already  I'll tell you, I'll tell you, these are not local
things, eh, the little one, eh, they [ __ ] her up
because they hate her beauty, let's see.
What surprises me about Abi is what I'm
telling you. I mean, you're not going to assume
anything, you're not going to assume anything, Mait.
A kiss, Mait, a kiss. Thank you very much, Mait
has given away another
five. What art does Maité have? Beautiful, to Win
Michu, no, to Win Michu, no, at the moment, I'm not in a
hurry. I don't know what I'll do,
it will depend on how things are,
calm or not. No, Lone, that one was put in a
long time ago, what happens is that I don't know
why it's being delayed
so long, but no, no, it's not something the
kids do. What Win Michu does, I don't know, it will
depend on time. It will depend on whether they
continue, if they don't continue, if they
calm down, I always prefer,
eh, to be calm. eh. I mean, when I
file a complaint it has to be something
that has gone too far,
or that they don't stop, you know,
the lady who said she would go to trial
without a lawyer, the trial has already taken place, I don't know
who you're referring to
yet, Javi, becoming a member in
Argentina costs 12 cents,
who doesn't know?  becomes a member is because he doesn't
want to activate
kids exactly family 12
cents 12 cents
worth from Argentina there are many ways
to become a member from Argentina eh
In case you want to become members from
Argentina, what you also can't complain about
is being criticized for nothing
when you're always getting into
controversy, I mean, in Abi's case it's been crazy nonsense
you know in Abi's case it's that gosh
the little things that she's said it's normal
for a clip of her to go viral
saying something outrageous like she's always going to
believe a girl because she's
a girl than a man for being a man
because that's what she says eh I don't
prefer to believe a possible victim a
possible liar before believing
a possible abuser, come on what you're
saying is that you believe the woman because she's a
woman and the man not because he's a man
because you wouldn't defend yourself you wouldn't believe a
man who tells you that he's a victim of a
woman it's not worth it then it's normal that
now they throw it in your face all the time
every time something happens you
know and it's normal that then those who
are craziest or rather at the beginning of course
everything is because you have your few viv
Talent Maybe people don't come
as much through the internet you do a lot and
then as you grow they begin to see the
first problems and already this last year
realizing what networks are like How
people are on networks not so much just the people
who comment to you but the people with whom
you interact I have already
completely divided and I already have my
lifelong group my group of nothing from Stream
but from My city and already my friendships from
networks hurricane of toxicity and such leave
everything ux a kiss
I mean leave everything from the internet the
idea is always there the idea is always
there sometimes bigger sometimes
smaller seriously s says it didn't
work for me to become a member with VPN from
Argentina if it works skit if it works once in a while once in a while
and what has made you
say I'm not going to continue a lot of shame
not only because of the fact that a project
in which l am is that project of
your life not a little what for your life of
my life 7 years
almost my entire life and that it's difficult to
start  do something with the same degree
of success as what you've done so
far in the Stream theme no success I don't care
because I'm 22 years old, I mean right
now I could start doing
anything and come out great yes you
're 28 Ah I'm 29 in the end I have
a lot of success Yes but I have a lot of people who have been with
me for many years like
people who when they resign they
say 40 months 45 I'm not ashamed I can't I
mean I would never talk to them again I would never be
in a situation where
Good morning How are you no no I
couldn't I can't continue doing suol
because I think the last one was like
interrupted no like interrupted
by once again a funa Yes how is it to
say it was the one with the 10 million I mean it
says the sub bazon and they canceled the 10
million and also there's going to be more sub
bazon yes completely What is a
seasoning that is a
seasoning and better posed
car Exactly Anica says if it's a lie I will
criticize her like the one we continue
waiting for the criticism of Abi alali and the and the
and we rot let's go  waiting for it eh And
we'll rot waiting eh It's not going to
come out on Stream just in case to
avoid problems I'm going to do it myself and I'm not
going to talk about it Hey, I'm crazy I mean,
you say
something minimally controversial and there are millions
of views on many channels you know
what happens that since that power is
circumstantial you are not totally
aware I have power yes Now I talk
about X controversy There we go my word reaches
Jerusalem now if I talk about
anything else talk about a V fight it
ends there I mean it reaches the 1 people who
are watching me and it ends there it doesn't go anywhere
else So since there is this
fluctuation in numbers you never become
fully aware and when
everything has gone down you get used to it and then you
go back to such I mean I encourage all the
people who criticize is that please I
hope people realize why there are
many people who insult you thinking
that if they say it to you nicely you are not going to
listen to them or you are not going to pay attention or it is not
going to have the same impact of truth
I hope I encourage people to stop  stop with the
blathering of insults like that
criticism that makes sense that makes
sense is valued so much, I mean but
in the last few years she has insulted me
eh on several occasions I mean I could have
insulted her back on more than
one occasion and
absolutely nothing would happen to me but she she
even called me a [ __ ] to my [ __ ]
face eh the last half year I only lost
followers but it's without brakes I mean I
must have lost 500,000 on Instagram 50,000
on TikTok be it on Twitch who the [ __ ] gives a
follow on Twitch unfollows on
Twitch no but I think that on Twitch
the followers of a lot of people are going down
Mine are going down too and I've seen
a lot of people who have told me that too I
think they're cleaning
accounts or whatever yeah yeah I think that
on Twitch it's going down Everyone what the
[ __ ] are you talking about riobo don't make up
nonsense Let's see let's see
Javi oliveira on
Twitch let's see Ja ol in t let's see it's not that he's
not that he's
spectacular less than  1000 followers in
the last month less than 1000
but growing a little bit every day
Hey we just hit 60,000 a
week ago and I haven't even noticed eh I don't
know if we said something
no but
listen to me listen to me eh 60,000 on Twitch
eh with the nonsense with the nonsense
we're getting some big numbers in everything
in everything in all the networks
Eh yes for example Ezequiel
has insulted me a lot of times yes I've
been seeing this lately whether it's
on Instagram It's true that everyone goes
down I mean in fact most
people tell you how complicated it is to go up you
almost always go down but on Twitch I never do
it either and for a few months now I've
seen it and I say what's
happening already I mean they write to you a lot
talking on Stream or what No no that's why I
mess it up later No of course Eh yes but do you think it
's something you should change I
mean become members it's cheaper
than bread besides really eh May
besides  true you You like nothing that I have
changed a lot eh you realize
about me right now I think I have
changed a lot what happens is that when I
speak once it already has the magnitude as
if you were speaking there are many people
who believe that my channel is controversial I
mean there are many people who really
think that I open Stream I say points
of the day it gets on my nerves that they
take advantage of the power for being a woman and
they can insult No it's not for being a woman
for being ordinary I mean there is no more I
criticize everyone Eh and also what is that
I criticize everyone and it
bothers a lot my criticisms bother a lot
But well tesa you already know you already know
the lawsuit that I put when I made
the compilation of insults I think that
that person neither remembers nor remembers
Well yes he remembers because he put them
so he remembers He remembers you will see
as if he remembers but it is
like it has to do with what they
criticize you or rather apart In addition we
are here so that others
criticize you or rather when you are placed to
when you are placed here  On YouTube
you are set up for people to
criticize you but one thing is criticism and another
thing is something else, I mean, I think the
difference is Clara, I mean, and I have
learned, I have also made that
mistake, eh, I have insulted many times and I have been
disrespectful and I have done many
things wrong. But well, you have to keep
learning, but man, there are people
who maybe could be
your father who does it, it's already complicated,
there you say, it's already difficult to
fix this kid has done this, how many are these
kids really
thinking this way, it's impossible for me to avoid something
because they are repeating it to me so much in
the chat or Look at this Look at this I read it without
wanting to or at number 90 that I read it I say
Well, maybe I already said it or
just by reading it my mind starts to
formulate the answer and there comes a
time when I say no Maribel but it's that
apart from that she says those stupid things that
you say It's not that if you say stupid things you
will appear on the gossip channels but
she says it and then doesn't rectify Or she says
host Well, it's true, wow, tea, what I
said, you should see that I went viral  for
no no no no I mean she hasn't
spoken again about the cli of I would believe a woman
for being a woman she hasn't spoken again
about that CP she has it there and she
Simply hasn't realized the
barbarity of what she has said she simply
does what she sees the reaction that
people have about that about that
opinion of hers well what she does is not
mention that subject again not
give an opinion that implies that that
theory of hers come on I say it but it
's not that easy I mean people
think that I do it stinks or that I do it
a lot or that no it's not fair the opposite
has reached a point where it's very difficult
not to do it you think that the opinion about you is
based on the majority of people is based
more on what they've heard about you than a lot of
notoriety but one I mean
a lot of people know me it's illogical on
Twitch everyone knows who Abi
independi is on tiktok in places that don't make
sense that maybe other
streamers don't even know them but they do know me
people who are really t very few I
mean the percentage the comparison is  in
Ana So it's that most people
have a perception of me that I'm not saying
is bad or good or simply
distant from reality in the sense of
Kick Eh yes Kick right now the truth is
that he is handsome eh Kick is very good
for nothing the offer from K you would not have
accepted it depends on the amount Yes of course
if there is money with which you go here of
course I am only a streamer I have
very good numbers in others in other
places I am not Only a streamer I have very
good numbers elsewhere
Where on Instagram no
Eh I
also have a lot of people who are
aware of my numbers and start
saying Oh but look this month I have
had fewer viewers because
this one has had more viewers than you and it's
like dude you don't even know what I have what
happens is that I keep quiet
because I don't need you
know but one day the day that he is going to
ask me the day that I am going to do Rayo El
Chiringuito as Bernard
Tribiño says who says that I have a
Chiringuito that day I will show you the
channels that I
have and the networks that I have
that nobody
knows Look good hanger he has given away  20
members good hanger how did it go
How did it go good hanger I'll
tell you Well one day I won't tell you that it will be
when I go to close the
shed well guys I'm going to leave I'm going to
leave Okay you even have a
secret channel Javi I have a channel that I have a
channel that is a bomb I have a channel that
is a bomb or rather it's that uh
I don't know how people don't
realize that I have that The
truth is I have no idea how people do
n't realize that this chick
is now reaping all the toxicity that she's
been spewing out of her mouth over
the years without any consequences
until she chewed more than she could
with Auron and exposed herself to more people and
they saw what this person is like and she started to
fall I think that I would have made the same mistake with
Auron if I were Auron or if I
were anyone eh Because I think that
was an ideological issue I don't think it was
an issue against Auron personally eh I
mean for example in Carche's case it is
seen as a betrayal But because
Carche had the relationship that he had with
Auro we had heard weeks before
saying that he would be with Auron through
thick and thin and that I don't know what you
know
[Music]
but but I think that in Auron's case
if instead of Auron well it
depends on who it was because there are
times that it depends on who it is they don't
cancel it have you seen that Abi well Abi
from the CCU issue I think that it's ugly but
then Although the boyfriend participates anyway
But well that's it, period okay guys I'm going
to leave it here I'm going to leave it here
but because I'm
coming back tomorrow I'm going to leave it here but
coming back tomorrow not only at
night but tomorrow surely
during the afternoon I'll be around here for a while
Yes I think that what happened with Carche is because
what happened with Carche is due to in my
opinion that on one hand he was a
true friend of Auron okay What
happens is that he hid it out of interest and he
pretended to be a friend out of interest
but he would never have betrayed Auron or
if at some point you had that type of
people In the end they usually if it's not
later on you realize that
the mask comes off a lot  Sometimes it takes years but yes yes he
wasn't your friend and he wasn't
happy about your possessions for
your boys I'm leaving I'm going see you later
tomorrow probably tomorrow I'll do a live
after lunch in the afternoon I'll be
here all afternoon watching some
things and then at night okay you
have the video on the main channel Javi
Oliveira so from
here run and go miles all the way
okay go miles all the way
okay a huge kiss family We love you
very much see you tomorrow
see you tomorrow okay don't miss tomorrow
then we'll leave Puente eh a
kiss family bye
[Music]